Update journald readme to include `config_id` (#13528)
DataDog/integrations-core: journald/README.md

          - sshd.service
```

##### Tailing the same journal multiple times

> In some situations it may be desirable to tail the same journal more than once in order to report different units with different source or service tags. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to report units with different source or service tags, these must appear in separate journald configs.
``` 

Take it if you want it, to me the phrasing "in some situations it may be desirable" is a bit passive and hides the useful bit of this feature.

> In order to do this you must uniquely identify the journal config with a `config_id` (available in agent `7.41.0`+)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to do this you must uniquely identify the journal config with a `config_id` (available in agent `7.41.0`+).
```
